[Autogenerated] after working with S3 for a bit,
I have a feeling that you may be starting to appreciate it,
its simplicity as part of its appeal and it's pretty amazing
what you can do with a little configuration.
I'm also really glad we were able to functionally work in all
three AWS interaction methods in this clip,
the console cli SDK they all serve their purposes but
really use the tool you like the most.
Let's recap what we did in this module.
We started out by learning about the different features and structures and S3
Then we created our first bucket and began uploading objects.
Next we went deep into the code and wired our note application to S3
and finally we configured cores and our bucket and created an I am
role for our application in the next module.
We're going to learn about two types of databases in AWS.
SQL with relational database service and no SQL with Dynamo dB,
relational database service gives you multiple relational options to
choose from but takes care of the maintenance and complexity with
standing up a database on your own dynamo.
DB really takes out the complexity by completely abstracting away
hardware and working with a document based single table approach that
makes dealing with databases really simple,
we still got plenty to cover in this course, so stick with it and I'll see you in the next module